The team fusion used pre-existed softwares to simulate and improve automation 
in vehicles. They worked with two research groups successively: the Generative 
Software Development(GSD) Lab and the Autonomous Vehicle (Wave) Lab. In GSD 
Lab, they developed Autonomous Driving Assistance Systems(ADAS) including 
Adaptive Cruise Control(ACC) and Lane Keeping Assist(LKA). The assistance 
system control the cruise state of the vehicle based on the distance between 
the car in front of it and itself. In order to avoid bad configuration, they 
developed an algorithm to determine the steering angle using image processing.
They employed softwares Prescan, Matlab and Simulink in the above process, 
but they also found out that full automation is more desirable. They chose 
to work with the WAVE Lab, and keep working on the real-scale simulation. Many 
softwares they planned to use are limited because of prices and versions, so 
they developed a bridge between PreScan and ROS using Java. They reimplemented 
ACC on ROS in the wave lab. 

Revised:
The automation in vehicles is one of the most popular research areas in recent 
years, literally every country wants to take the lead. Autonomous vehicles can 
help prevent traffic accidents and free up people's time. Team Fusion aims for 
developing Autonomous Driving Assistance Systems and improving full-scale 
simulation.

Team Fusion worked with two research groups: the Generative Software 
Development(GSD) Lab and the Autonomous Vehicle (Wave) Lab. They first 
developed Autonomous Driving Assistance Systems(ADAS). The Adaptive Cruise 
Control(ACC) modifies the cruise state of the vehicle based on the distance 
between the car in front of it and itself. For the Lane Keeping Assist(LKA), 
they developed an algorithm to determine the steering angle using image 
processing to avoid bad configuration.

They found that full automation is more desirable, so they started working 
with the WAVE Lab. Many softwares they planned to use are limited because of 
prices and versions, so they wrote their own code in Java to connect PreScan 
and ROS. They reimplemented ACC on ROS in the wave lab. 

Overall, they built the Autonomous Driving Assistance Systems(ADAS) including 
Adaptive Cruise Control(ACC) and Lane Keeping Assist(LKA) and developed a 
bridge between PreScan and ROS using Java.

